tiup-playground: add info about TiProxy (#19769)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-playground.md

tiup playground scale-in --pid 86526
```

## Deploy TiProxy

[TiProxy](/tiproxy/tiproxy-overview.md) is the official proxy component of PingCAP. It is placed between the client and the TiDB server to provide load balancing, connection persistence, service discovery, and other features for TiDB.

You can deploy the TiProxy for your cluster using TiUP Playground as in the following example:

```shell
tiup playground v8.5.0 --tiproxy 1
```

The following are command-line flags of the playground component for TiProxy:

```bash
Flags:

>       --tiproxy.binpath string       TiProxy instance binary path

Author: ```suggestion
      --tiproxy int                          Specifies the number of TiProxy nodes in the cluster. If not specified, TiProxy is not deployed.
      --tiproxy.binpath string       TiProxy instance binary path
```

tiup playground scale-in --pid 86526
```

## Deploy TiProxy

> [TiProxy](/tiproxy/tiproxy-overview.md) is the official proxy component of PingCAP. It is placed between the client and the TiDB server to provide load balancing, connection persistence, service discovery, and other features for TiDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[TiProxy](/tiproxy/tiproxy-overview.md) is the official proxy component from PingCAP, placed between the client and the TiDB server to provide load balancing, connection persistence, service discovery, and other features for TiDB.
```

> You can deploy the TiProxy for your cluster using TiUP Playground as in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy TiProxy for your cluster using TiUP Playground, as in the following example:
```

```shell
tiup playground v8.5.0 --tiproxy 1
```

> The following are command-line flags of the playground component for TiProxy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiProxy-related command-line flags in the playground component are as follows:
```

In the playground component, TiProxy-related command-line flags are as follows:

```bash
Flags:

>       --tiproxy int                  Specifies the number of TiProxy nodes in the cluster. If not specified, TiProxy is not deployed.
>       --tiproxy.binpath string       TiProxy instance binary path.

Author: ```suggestion
      --tiproxy int                  The number of TiProxy nodes in the cluster. If not specified, TiProxy is not deployed.
      --tiproxy.binpath string       TiProxy instance binary path.
```

>       --tiproxy int                  Specifies the number of TiProxy nodes in the cluster. If not specified, TiProxy is not deployed.
>       --tiproxy.binpath string       TiProxy instance binary path
>       --tiproxy.config string        TiProxy instance configuration file
>       --tiproxy.host host            Playground TiProxy host. If not provided, TiProxy will still use host flag as its host
>       --tiproxy.port int             Playground TiProxy port. If not provided, TiProxy will use 6000 as its port
>       --tiproxy.timeout int          TiProxy max wait time in seconds for starting. 0 means no limit (default 60)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --tiproxy int                  Specifies the number of TiProxy nodes in the cluster. If not specified, TiProxy is not deployed.
      --tiproxy.binpath string       TiProxy instance binary path.
      --tiproxy.config string        TiProxy instance configuration file.
      --tiproxy.host host            Playground TiProxy host. If not provided, TiProxy will still use host flag as its host.
      --tiproxy.port int             Playground TiProxy port. If not provided, TiProxy will use 6000 as its port.
      --tiproxy.timeout int          TiProxy max wait time in seconds for starting. 0 means no limit (default 60).
```

      --tiproxy.port int             Playground TiProxy port. If not provided, TiProxy will use 6000 as its port.

>       --tiproxy.timeout int          TiProxy max wait time in seconds for starting. 0 means no limit (default 60).

Author: ```suggestion
      --tiproxy.timeout int          TiProxy maximum wait time in seconds for starting. 0 means no limit (default 60).
```
